Added reference to eth2 phases (#1800)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/eth2/shard-chains/index.md

sidebar: true
summary1: Sharding is a multi-phase upgrade to improve Ethereum’s scalability and capacity.
summary2: Shard chains spread the network's load across 64 new chains.
summary3: They make it easier to run a node by keeping hardware requirements low.

> summary4: The technical roadmap includes work on shard chains in "Phase 1" and potentially "Phase 2".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary4: Technical roadmaps include work on shard chains in "Phase 1" and potentially "Phase 2".
```
